hi people today I want to talk about
one small very simple function
which nevertheless despite her
simplicity and utility are few
enjoy called this application
text on a curved surface let's
let's see how it really is
easy and simple for us to start
need to create a curved surface
This can be done in different ways here
I had already prepared myself here such of kizik
such a sketch and make it now
rotated grandmother like this
the case is i have matte gold
as the material chosen is death and let's
let's make the text on its surface
we choose for this front surface
sketch and for starters
draw a line
where our text should generally be a line
must be
helper and push this one
button text then choose our line
and write anything like text
text text text text here is very
interesting functions like so if
I will highlight some text
some text or some click
rotate here i can set the angle
let's say i want
50 degrees
here so he will turn me on 50
degrees too ugly looks here
so click ok
we leave from sketches now we go in
do not select transfer item
select this sketch which we only
what did and here we have to highlight
the surface we want
stage is obtained select the protrusion cutout
or mark up we want a ledge click ok
independence over complexity of text washed out
com history and see just such a picture
such a beautiful feature is especially good
are you holy
eg
what color
that's all